3. Trace Packets using Wireshark for DNS and Answer the following Questions
URL: http://www.ietf.org

a) Locate the DNS query and response messages. Are they sent over UDP or TCP?
Ans: UDP
Standard query response 0x9f14 A example.org A 93.184.215.14
User Datagram Protocol

b) What is the destination port for the DNS query message? What is the source port of DNS
response message?
Ans: Destination port for the DNS query Destination Port: 53
Source port of DNS response message Source Port: 53

c) To what IP address is the DNS query message sent? Determine the IP address of your
local DNS server (Hint: nmcli). Are these two IP addresses the same?
Ans: Internet Protocol Version 4, Src: 172.1.6.133, Dst: 172.1.2.2
It is ofcourse the same

d) Examine the DNS query message. What “Type” of DNS query is it? Does the query
message contain any “answers”?
Ans: Go to DNS Field of query message under queries csp-reporting.cloudflare.com: type A, class IN
Answer RRs: 0

e) Examine the DNS response message. How many “answers” are provided? What does each
of these answers contain?
Ans: Go to DNS Field of query response message and click on answers
Answer RRs: 2

f) Consider the subsequent TCP SYN packetsent by your host. Does the destination IP address 
of the SYN packet correspond to any of the IP addresses provided in the DNS response
message?
Ans: Go to the query request field and check for response packet no.
Note down the answer IP Address in the packet no. query response sent in DNS field Ex:122
Apply TCP Filter and look for the next packet no. (123) which has SYN but not ACK
Compare the dest IP Address of both packets
It should be the same as the IP Address of website ietf.org 

g) This web page contains images. Before retrieving each image, does your host issue new
DNS queries?
Ans: (Not included for exam)
Doesnt not issue new DNS

Use nslookup –type=NS mit.edu and answer the following

h) To what IP address is the DNS query message sent? Is this the IP address of your default
local DNS server?
Ans: Both are same

i) Examine the DNS query message. What “Type” of DNS query is it? Does the query message contain any “answers”?
Ans: Go to DNS Quey Message and scroll down
Type: AAAA (IPv6 Address) (28)
Answer RRs: 0

j) Examine the DNS response message. What MIT name servers does the response message provide? Does this response message also provide the IP addresses of the MIT name
servers?
Ans: Go to answers and note the urls which will be the same as nslookup command reponse 
