1. Trace Hypertext Transfer Protocol. (Part A)

The Basic HTTP GET/response interaction
URL: http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file1.html

Apply "HTTP" Filter

a) Is your browser running HTTP version 1.0 or 1.1? What version of HTTP is the server
running?
Ans: HTTP 1.1

b) What languages does your browser indicate that it can accept from the server?
Ans: en - US something

c) What is the status code returned from the server to your browser?
Ans: 200 OK

d) When was the HTML file, that you are retrieving last modified at the server?
Ans: 

e) How many bytes of content are being returned to your browser?
Ans: 

The HTTP CONDITIONAL GET/response interaction
URL : http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file2.html

f) Inspect the contents of the first HTTP GET request from your browser to the server. Do
you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE” line in the HTTP GET?
Ans: Yes

g) Inspect the contents of the server response. Did the server explicitly return the contents of
the file? How can you tell?
Ans: No Content, so explicitly not returned

h) Now inspect the contents of the second HTTP GET request from your browser to the server. 
Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” line in the HTTP GET? If so, what information
follows the “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” header?
Ans: 

i) What is the HTTP status code and phrase returned from the server in response to this
second HTTP GET? Did the server explicitly return the contents of the file? Explain.
Ans: 304


2. Trace Hypertext Transfer Protocol (Part B)

Retrieving Long Documents
URL: http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file3.html

a) How many HTTP GET request messages were sent by your browser?
Ans: 

b) How many data-containing TCP segments were needed to carry the single HTTP
Response?
Ans: 

c) What is the status code and phrase associated with the response to the HTTP GET
Request?
Ans: 

HTML Documents with Embedded Objects
http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file4.html

d) How many HTTP GET request messages were sent by your browser? To which Internet
addresses were these GET requests sent?
Ans: 

e) Can you tell whether your browser downloaded the two images serially, or whether they
were downloaded from the two web sites in parallel? Explain.
Ans: 

HTTP Authentication
URL:
http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/protected_pages/HTTP-wireshark-file5.html
username: wireshark-students
password: network


f) What is the server’s response (status code and phrase) in response to the initial HTTP
GET message from your browser?
Ans: 

g) When your browser sends the HTTP GET message for the second time, what new field is
included in the HTTP GET message?
Ans: 