Trace packets using Wireshark for HTTP and Answer the following Questions
The Basic HTTP GET/response interaction
Use URL: http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file1.html
    1. Is your browser running HTTP version 1.0 or 1.1? What version of HTTP is the 
server running?
    2. What languages does your browser indicate that it can accept from the server?
    3. What is the status code returned from the server to your browser?
    4. When was the HTML file, that you are retrieving last modified at the server?
    5. How many bytes of content are being returned to your browser?
The HTTP CONDITIONAL GET/response interaction
Use URL : http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file2.html
    6. Inspect the contents of the first HTTP GET request from your browser to the server. Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE” line in the HTTP GET?
    7. Inspect the contents of the server response. Did the server explicitly return the contents of the file? How can you tell?
    8. Now inspect the contents of the second HTTP GET request from your browser to the server. Do you see an “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” line in the HTTP GET? If so, what information follows the “IF-MODIFIED-SINCE:” header?
    9. What is the HTTP status code and phrase returned from the server in response to this second HTTP GET? Did the server explicitly return the contents of   the file? Explain.

Trace packets Using Wireshark for HTTP and Answer the following Questions
For Retrieving Long Documents use
URL : http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file3.html
    1. How many HTTP GET request messages were sent by your browser?
    2. How many data-containing TCP segments were needed to carry the single HTTPResponse ?
    3. What is the status code and phrase associated with the response to the HTTP GET Request ?
    4. Are there any HTTP status lines in the transmitted data associated with a TCP reassembled segments of a PDU?
For HTML Documents with Embedded Objects use
URL: http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/HTTP-wireshark-file4.html
    5. How many HTTP GET request messages were sent by your browser? To which
Internet addresses were these GET requests sent?
    6. Can you tell whether your browser downloaded the two images serially, or
whether they were downloaded from the two web sites in parallel? Explain.
For HTTP Authentication use
Username: wireshark-students Password: “network”
URL: http://gaia.cs.umass.edu/wireshark-labs/protected_pages/HTTP-wireshark-file5.html
    7. What is the server’s response (status code and phrase) in response to the initial HTTP GET message from your browser?
When does your browser send the HTTP GET message for the second time, what new field is included in the HTTP GET message?